= web-app-theme-rails

This Gem brings the cool {Web App Theme}[http://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme]
by {Andrea Franz}[http://gravityblast.com] to Rails 3 in the form of view
generators, plus support for generating Haml-views, when Haml is in use.

== Installation

Put the following in your Gemfile:

  group :development do
    gem 'web-app-theme-rails'
  end

Run bundler to install the gem:

  bundle install

or do

  gem install web-app-theme-rails

Add the following to config/application.rb:

  config.generators do |g|
    g.template_engine "web_app_theme"
  end

Now you need to generate a app/views/layouts/application.html.erb:

  rails generate web_app_theme:layout

See the options on how to choose the theme you want.

BTW: If you are using Haml, a Haml-file is generated and the original
application.html.erb will not be replaced and therefore still be the default
layout. You need to remove or rename it to make the Haml-file take its place.

== Usage/Examples

Just use rails scaffolding and have a look at the options:

  rails generate scaffold Address name:string town:string

In the moment of this writing, generating a controller generates the normal
rails views:

  rails generate controller Friend index

generates the normal rails view for index.

== Haml/Sass
{Haml}[http://haml-lang.com/] and {Sass}[http://sass-lang.com/]
support is included. If you have Haml included in your apps Gemfile,
web-app-theme-rails produces haml-templates and sass-stylesheets per default.

When you generate a normal controller, the normal rails views are generated
in Haml-style instead of ERB-style.

== Web App Theme

The views and layout were taken from {Web App Theme}[http://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme]
with only very few modifications.

== Credits

* Web App Theme: Andrea Franz http://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme
* Icons: FAMFAMFAM Silk icons http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/

== Author

Thomas Volkmar Worm, \<mailto:tvw@s4r.de>

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project: http://github.com/tvw/web-app-theme-rails
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Volkmar Worm, Andrea Franz

See LICENSE for details.
